next week the draw for the 2013 Rugby
World Cup sevens will take place in
Moscow hoping to qualify this weekend in
Rio is the Argentine women's team with
the help of one of the finest players to
have graced the sevens game with 230
touchdowns
Santiago Gomes Cora is the leading tri
scorer in the history of the sevens
World Series
despite this his profile remains low
back home and that's just how he likes
it in Argentina loyal muy tranquilo in
Argentina I live a quiet life sevens
isn't as popular here and only those
involved in the game know about my
record at times when I'm away from a
rugby environment at work or meeting new
people after 10 years and capsulated in
rugby sometimes I find it hard to
introduce myself as a rugby player
because I'm small when someone mentions
I played rugby people assumed it was
just club rugby sometimes they even
check on their phones about my record
because they find it hard to believe the
world series has changed appreciably
since chorus days on the circuit but he
has an important role to play in the
future development of the game in those
days the seventh series was only just
starting and it was looked upon as a fun
event an opportunity to send players
away to enjoy themselves a Vienna noise
so you get from the key ball it wasn't
what it is today a way of developing
players or identifying players for the
Olympics or uncovering new talent for
the pima's quesarasara para boomers
in 2009 Argentina enjoyed their most
successful year in sevens rugby at the
USA tournament in San Diego
Korra's seven tries helped his country
to only their second Series victory
today either I'm asking for abandon
gotta be one of the most important tries
of my career without a doubt was against
America and in the USA seven semi-finals
there were 40 seconds left and we were
losing I kicked the ball ahead and just
managed to reach it it was one of those
tries you dream of all your life even
better to score at the very end to win a
place in the final that you also end up
winning that was one of the best tries
of my career and less than a month later
on an even bigger stage Cora was a
member of the Argentine squad that
reached the final of the Rugby World Cup
in Dubai I could have been a hero again
but instead I was the villain but such
is life it's a team sport and the 12 of
us scored that try and send the a go and
the 12 of us missed that trying to buy
does it still hurt of course and if I
could I change scoring in San Diego for
scoring in Dubai what is it two years
ago after a decade of traveling the
world Cora finally called time on his
playing career 'if way this is only my
first ally I owe so much I say Loki it
was one of the hardest decisions I ever
took in my life when I have to explain
it to someone who isn't a sportsman I
tell them to imagine an architect who
has studied for 10 years
and designed some great building you
enjoy that and take immense pride in it
then you have to give back your degree
and then work on something totally
different that's the only way I could
put it so that people could understand I
still can't believe how hard it was but
earlier this year when Carla returned to
the game he agreed to help the Argentine
women's side as they took part in the
inaugural IRB Sevens World Series in
Houston now I know
Shuggie new path of truth is I want to
take it a step at a time and develop as
a coach that's why I started with
developmental and provincial team if you
asked me what I'd like to do in the
future it would be to be Argentina's
coach fort
but for the time being I can't do that
because of time constraints and because
there's already staff in place I'm only
starting and I have a lot to learn but I
don't want to miss anything along the
way most heading out of them yet no sir
Jerry Chavez